sqlite3 eclipse.db

CREATE TABLE Reports(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
current_resolution TEXT,
current_status TEXT,
opening INTEGER NOT NULL,
reporter INTEGER NOT NULL,
PRIMARY KEY (id));

CREATE TABLE AssignedTo(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE BugStatus(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE CC(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE Components(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE OpSy(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE Priority(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE Product(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE Resolution(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE ShortDesc(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));

CREATE TABLE Version(
id INTEGER NOT NULL,
what TEXT,
when INTEGER NOT NULL,
who INTEGER NOT NULL,
FOREIGN KEY (id) REFERENCES Reports(id));


